♪♪
(WIND WHISTLING)
Even though we still have
some preparation to do
before we strike
the Empire's factory
on Lothal,
MALE VOICE:  Ezra.
I want to do a thorough recon
trip to update our intel.
There's no need
for the full squadron.
A small unit should
be able to handle this.
Ezra.
I'm assigning you
the mission, Ezra.
Ezra.
HERA: Ezra?
(GASPS)
Care to join the briefing?
Sorry.
Yeah. No, it's just I...
I thought I saw something.
This is your mission, Ezra.
I need your full attention.
Yeah, you've got it. Sorry.
All right. So first,
you'll slip into the system
and study the Empire's
orbital defenses.
Ezra.
We'll keep our distance,
but gather all
the data we can.
I want Destroyer positions,
TIE patrol routes,
transport schedules...
Ezra.
(THUNDERCLAP)
(GASPS)
Something wrong?
No, I... I just...
I thought
I saw something,
or someone.
The recon team leaves
as soon as we're loaded up.
Questions?
Is Admiral Thrawn there?
We have reports
of an increase
in capital ships,
but no confirmation as to
whether he's there or not.
Ezra.
Ezra, what is it?
Hey, kid.
You feeling all right?
There! Look!
What am I looking at?
You don't look very good.
Ezra, what do you see?
Ezra!
(GASPS)
Kanan, what's going on?
I don't know.
I don't know!
ZEB: Ezra,
can you hear me? Ezra!
KANAN: Wake up.
(GASPS)
Whoa, Ezra.
It's okay. You're safe.
You want to tell us
what's going on?
It was Maul.
You mean,
at the briefing?
I saw him.
He said my name.
He was right behind me.
I mean, he was right there.
Kid, I was standing
next to you.
There was
nobody else there.
Maybe it was some kind
of, uh, Force vision.
Mmm, maybe.
Ah. If you ask me,
the kid's just been
working too hard.
(CHOPPER GRUNTING)
Chopper, stop it.
(GRUNTS)
No, Chop's right.
Nap time's over.
I should get back to work.
You sure
you're all right?
Hera, I feel fine.
I just had a bad something.
No reason to stop
the rebellion, right?
Come on, Sabine.
We gotta get ready
for our mission.
Tell me what
you're thinking, Kanan.
I'm thinking
whatever Ezra went
through with Maul,
it's not over yet.
Stop. We have
all the proton torpedoes
we need for this mission.
Well, not according
to the weapons expert,
which is me.
I want two more cases
of 'em loaded up.
Why am I
the last one to know
about supply changes?
I cannot work
under these conditions.
Ugh, it's like AP-5
and Chopper were made
on the same assembly line.
(CHOPPER GRUNTING)
Oh, I'm the one who needs
an attitude adjustment?
It's him. I... It's Maul.
Ezra?
Hey, Ezra!
Chop, go get Kanan.
(GRUNTS)
Out of the way!
There he is!
I see him.
(SINISTER LAUGHING)
Ezra. Stop!
(LAUGHING CONTINUES)
I knew it!
Ezra!
Ezra, wait!
Let me go!
Kanan!
What are you doing?
Ezra! It's not Maul!
Look at him!
(GASPING) You're out
of your mind, kid!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
What's happening to me?
Maybe I should
postpone the mission,
stay here with him.
Ezra will be fine.
I've got a plan.
(SIGHS) Be careful, Kanan.
We will.
I'm surprised
she got on the ship.
I told her I had a plan.
Really?
And she left anyway?
Very funny. Come on.
Ezra's wrist com?
I need you to put a tracker
on it without him knowing.
Bendu.
You knew we were coming.
Yes.
You're not exactly
quiet creatures, hmm?
Tell him what's happening.
The dark side wielder
I told you about,
the one who wanted to join
the holocrons together.
I've seen him
here on Atollon.
I warned you, joining
the holocrons together
could bring both
great wisdom
and great danger.
I know. I felt their power.
And I did see things,
but my vision,
it was incomplete.
Incomplete?
Yeah, I let go
before either of us
got the answers we wanted,
and then the holocrons
were destroyed.
Aha. I see.
Well, that's not good.
What do you mean,
"That's not good"?
What can we do?
What do you want to do, hmm?
I want to stop seeing Maul.
Then don't turn around.
Bendu, what should we do?
This is a strange place.
So remote.
Oh, yes, the Empire
will have a difficult time
finding you here.
Y... You think
I came here to fight?
I came here to speak
with my apprentice.
He's not your apprentice.
Yet.
How did you find me?
When you abruptly
severed our connection
with the holocron,
you mixed up
the information.
You learned a bit
of what I want to know,
and I learned a bit
of what you wanted to know.
But there were fragments
and memories left in my mind.
Like the location
of our base.
Yes. (CHUCKLES)
Very good.
Oh, you do learn fast,
apprentice.
Look, I can't make sense
of what I saw.
I couldn't even describe it
if I wanted to.
And that is why
you need to come with me,
so I can retrieve the answers
which are just out of reach.
So you get your answers,
but what do we
get out of it?
I will keep
your rebel base secret.
No deal. You're not walking
off this rock in one piece.
(CHUCKLING)
I have planted
a beacon nearby.
Strike me down,
and it will activate,
revealing your presence
to the Empire.
You have knowledge
that is rightfully mine.
I have knowledge
that you want.
The key
to defeating the Sith.
What I propose
will satisfy us both.
All right.
Ezra, you're not
doing this.
He's going to expose
Chopper Base.
We'll move,
build a new base.
(SIGHS)
Maul won't hurt me,
Kanan. He needs me.
Besides, this might
be our last chance
to learn the secret
of how we can
destroy the Sith.
(SIGHS)
I do not like this.
But we don't really
have a choice, do we?
I'm gonna trust you
on this.
All right.
We have a deal.
After you, my apprentice.
I'm tracking Ezra's signal.
They just made the jump
to hyperspace.
Let's get going.
I don't wanna lose 'em.
Where are we?
That is Dathomir, my home.
If this is your home,
where are your people?
Where is everybody?
I am the last survivor.
My family, the Nightsisters,
were killed.
Masterful witches they were.
A threat to the Empire.
I know that
you can relate.
These witches,
they use the Force?
Some aspect, yes.
But it was their connection
to this planet
that made them strong.
That is why we are here,
to perform some old magic.
Yes. Yes,
everything that we need
lies within the cave.
I'm not going any further
until you tell me
how this works.
The only way to access
the knowledge we seek
is to merge
our minds again.
The effect will only
last a moment.
Just enough time
for each of us
to find the answers
to our questions.
Trust me, Ezra.
I only want the answers
I deserve, nothing more.
What do we have to do?
Come.
I have gathered many things,
secrets to help us
restore our memories.
Look at all this junk.
Do not touch anything.
These are artifacts
from my past,
from a time when my power
was almost absolute.
Get away from there!
Is that a lightsaber?
Indeed, yes,
but not like any
that you would know.
If your Mandalorian friend
was here,
(CHUCKLES) she could
explain it to you.
Why is Ezra so willing
to trust Maul
again and again?
I don't think he is,
but I do know he's taking
a big risk for all of us.
I have studied the ways
of the Nightsisters
and found a spell
that suits our needs.
This... This altar
is the focus
of their ancient power.
Now, to initiate the merge,
we... We must each
drink this potion.
Mmm, you first.
Mmm.
To complete the spell,
you must drink it all.
Just like me,
all of it.
Mmm, ha. It's working.
(COUGHING)
(BEEPS)
They should be
this way. Come on.
Where is he?
I want to know
how to destroy the Sith.
I see. I understand.
Who is that?
I know him.
(GASPS) Of course.
It ends where it began.
A desert planet
with twin suns.
He's alive.
I... I can't believe
he's alive.
It is time
to pay our debt.
Wait, wait, wait!
What's happening?
(GROWLING)
What is that?
Pay our due.
(GASPS)
The spirits
of the Nightsisters
must be compensated
for the use of their magic.
So pay 'em,
and let's get out of here!
The price is our
flesh and blood!
Don't let them
touch you!
Now you tell me?
Ezra!
Pay our due.
Kanan, Sabine! Stay back!
(SINISTER LAUGHING)
(SCREAMS)
(GASPS)
(LAUGHING)
Ezra! Stay back.
Kanan?
Sabine?
Sabine! It's Ezra!
You better not hurt him!
We cannot defeat the spirits
of the Nightsisters!
Follow me.
I will show you how
to save your friends.
Faster! We must reach
the cave entrance.
Wait. Why aren't they
coming after us?
The altar is the source
of their power.
They cannot venture
beyond the cave.
It is unfortunate
about your friends, Ezra.
But this...
This is your opportunity
to embrace your destiny,
as my apprentice.
I told you, that is
never going to happen!
Forget the past!
Forget your memories!
Forget your attachments.
Our futures converge
on a planet with two suns.
We can walk that path together
as friends, as brothers.
My friends are trapped
in there because of us.
I can't just leave them.
You disappoint me,
Ezra Bridger.
(LAUGHING)
(BREATHING DEEPLY)
Okay. The altar is where
their power comes from.
So, they can't
leave the cave,
which means I just have to
get Kanan and Sabine outside.
How hard can that be?
(QUIET CHITTERING)
(SINISTER VOICE)
You're unwise
to reenter our sanctum.
That doesn't
belong to you.
Then take it from me, Jedi!
(SHRIEKING)
No! No! No!
You cannot destroy us!
You'll never
save your friends!
(LAUGHING)
(COUGHING) Ezra?
Whatever you got out of Maul,
I hope it was worth it.
Do not go back in there.
They'll possess you again.
What... What about you?
Won't they possess you, too?
I'm counting on it!
Kanan?
(SINISTER VOICE)
Maul promised us
flesh and blood.
With it, we can begin again
and rebuild the great clan
of the Nightsisters.
If Maul made you that promise,
then it's my debt as well.
I will pay it.
Just let my friend go.
Perhaps, if you prove
to be stronger.
I know you're in there!
I'm not losing you
to these monsters!
Our due must be paid!
Spirit,
I am the one you want!
Let him go!
(COUGHING)
Ezra!
You belong to us, boy!
Kanan, get out of here!
You belong to us, boy.
The debt must be paid.
Now you will pay the price!
I'm gonna have to
owe you one.
No!
(SHRIEKING)
Kanan? I'm here.
This is the last time
we're working with Maul.
I sure hope so.
Sabine, I told you
to stay outside.
Hey, I've never
listened to you before.
Why start now?
Well, was it worth it?
Did you find out
what you wanted to know?
Yes.
The answer to my question
of how to destroy the Sith
is Obi-Wan Kenobi.
You think he's still alive?
He must be. But, Kanan,
Maul's also looking for him.
So he knows
where he is now?
The holocron
didn't tell us that.
It just told us
a planet with two suns.
Well, that hardly
narrows it down.
Well, we're gonna
have to figure it out,
because if we don't find
Master Kenobi before Maul...
There won't be any way
to stop the Sith.